Misc doc updates (#1131)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/advanced-guide/practical/secrets-management.md

---
description: How to register and use secrets
---

## What is a ZenML secret

ZenML secrets are groupings of **key-value pairs** which are securely stored by
your ZenML [secrets manager](../../component-gallery/secrets-managers/secrets-managers.md).
Additionally, a secret always has a **name** which allows you to fetch or reference
them in your pipelines and stacks.

## How to register a secret

{% hint style="info" %}
To register a secret, you'll need a [secrets manager](../../component-gallery/secrets-managers/secrets-managers.md)
in your active stack.
{% endhint %}

> To register a secret with name `<SECRET_NAME>` and two keys/values, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register a secret with name `<SECRET_NAME>` and a key-value pair, you
```
